2.0.0 changes (#3)
cs-abhishek-shukla/solution-pack-threat-intel-management: docs/setup.md

For optimal performance of **Threat Intel Management** solution pack, you can install and configure:

- The FortiRecon ACI connector with its ingestion set up to ensure ingestion of FortiRecon ACI data in threat mitigation environment.
	- To configure and use the FortiRecon ACI connector as a source of Adversary Centric Intelligence(ACI) information, refer to [Configuring FortiRecon ACI](https://docs.fortinet.com/fortisoar/connectors/fortirecon-aci).

- The Exchange connector with email ingestion setup to ensure regular ingestion of threat feeds from email attachments.
	- To configure and use the Exchange connector, refer to [Configuring Exchange](https://docs.fortinet.com/fortisoar/connectors/exchange).

## Setup Threat Intel Management on FortiSOAR

> The option to launch the Threat Intel Management Configuration Wizard appears on the Threat Intel Management solution pack's content hub page.

Reviewer: Please include landing page with its SS and explain it here as well - since its another option to configure TIM (for the 1st time)

Author: Done

![Configure Feed Sources screen](../docs/res/tim-config-wizard-configure-feed-sources.png)

- **Fortinet FortiGuard Threat Intelligence** is already configured for use out-of-the-box.

	-  **Ingestion Parameters**
		- **Confidence**: Specify the confidence score to assign to the ingested feeds.
		- **Reputation**: Select the reputation to assign to the ingested feeds.
		- **TLP**: Select the TLP to assign to the ingested feeds.
		- **Expiry**: Specify the age of the feeds in days.

	- **Ingestion Schedule**
		- On the Scheduling screen, from the **Do you want to schedule the ingestion?** drop-down list, select **Yes**.
		- Specify the `Cron` expression for the schedule. For example, if you want to pull data every 5 minutes, click **Every X Minute**, and in the **minute** box enter `*/5`. This means that the feeds are pulled and ingested every 5 minutes.

- Similarly, configure and specify parameters for each *installed* feed integration by clicking their respective tabs.

> [!NOTE]
> The ingestion parameters and ingestion schedule becomes available only when the configuration health check completes.

## Configuring Feed Rules

> You can configure the following feed rules to manage threat intelligence feeds from various sources:

Reviewer: You might need to explain the why and how its beneficial for the user?  you can create separate .md file for this and refer it for feed  settings section as well

Author: Done

- Linking Threat Feeds to Indicators
- Ingesting Unstructured Threat Feeds

### Linking Threat Feeds to Indicators

> Enable this rule and specify a feed confidence threshold to automatically update the matching indicator record reputation. This rule updates the reputation of an indicator that matches a feed with the reputation of the feed. The indicator is updated only when the confidence of the feed is equal to or more than the value specified in the **Confidence Threshold** field (70% in our example):

Reviewer 2: If you set this value to 70, all feeds with a confidence level equal to or greater than 70 will link to the indicator.
We can write example in this format.

Author: Thanks. Done

![Feed Configurations - General tab](res/general.png)

### Ingesting Unstructured Threat Feeds

> Enable this rule to ingest unstructured threat feeds from file sources and email communications. This rule extracts critical threat feeds from unstructured data sources and automatically ingests it into the Threat Feeds module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable this rule to ingest unstructured threat feeds from file sources and email communications. This rule extracts critical threat feeds from unstructured data sources and automatically ingests it into the Threat Intel Feeds module.
```

Author: Done

Once enabled, you can further fine-tune the rule by defining the following parameters:

- **Ingest Threat Feeds from Files**: Select to ingest unstructured threat feeds by uploading a file. Supported file formats are `csv`, `txt`, `pdf`, `eml`, `json`, and `xlsx`. Refer to the section [Importing Feeds from Files](./usage.md#importing-feeds-from-files) under *Usage* for more information.
 
- **Ingest Threat Feeds from Email Attachments**: Select to ingest unstructured threat feeds from email attachments.
	- **Email Client**: Select an email server from which to ingest emails. Currently, only *Exchange* is supported.

> 	- **Email Folder** : Select the mailbox folder, containing threat feed attachments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	- **Email Folder** : Specify the mailbox folder that contains all emails with feed attachments.
```

Author: Done

> [!Note]

> > Attachments of only unread emails are ingested.

Reviewer 2: We can also add , 
1.You need to create separate folder for emails with feed attachments and need to redirect all such emails to this folder.
2. Please note only feeds from attachments will be extracted. Email body , subject line are not supported.

Author: Done

For optimal performance of **Threat Intel Management** solution pack, you can install and configure:

- The FortiRecon ACI connector with its ingestion set up to ensure ingestion of FortiRecon ACI data in threat mitigation environment.
    - To configure and use the FortiRecon ACI connector as a source of Adversary Centric Intelligence(ACI) information, refer to [Configuring FortiRecon ACI](https://docs.fortinet.com/fortisoar/connectors/fortirecon-aci).

- The Exchange connector with email ingestion setup to ensure regular ingestion of threat feeds from email attachments.
    - To configure and use the Exchange connector, refer to [Configuring Exchange](https://docs.fortinet.com/fortisoar/connectors/exchange).

> 

Reviewer 3: We should mention Fortiguard connector as well if we are mentioning Fortirecon ACI and exchange.

Author: Exchange and FortiRecon ACI have to be manually configured. FortiGuard requires no input from user, wdyt?

Reviewer 3: Yeah, that's correct—FortiGuard is configured only during the wizard launch. Later, when I was reading through some documentation, I saw that we're providing FortiGuard details as well. I thought we were listing all the connectors here, but forgot to mention FortiGuard so commented.

## Setup Threat Intel Management on FortiSOAR

To leverage the power of Threat Intel Management solution pack, configuring threat intel feeds, integrations, and feed processing rules is an essential first step. A new configuration wizard streamlines the process.

You can launch the configuration wizard after installation of the Threat Intel Management solution pack by any of the following methods:

1. Threat Intel Management navigation menu

2. Threat Intel Management's Content Hub Page

### Navigation Menu

1. Navigate to **Threat Intel Management** > **Threat Intel Feeds**.

    ![First time setup landing page](./res/landing-page-first-time.png)

2. Click the button **Setup Threat Intel Management**.

### Content Hub Page

> After installation, the configuration wizard launches automatically.

Reviewer 3: Content.md needs to be updated , as malsilo is not default connector on TIM SP anymore.

Reviewer 3: Threat Intel Management Configuration
TAXII Server Configuration
missing under widgets in content.md

Reviewer 3: Playbook Collection
needs to be updated with new playbooks.

Reviewer 3: Picklist in content.md
=================
AlertType
SIEMs

Author: This information needs to come from Dev/QA

    - You can click to close any integration's tab that you do not prefer to configure:

        ![Configure Feed Sources screen](./res/tim-config-wizard-configure-feed-sources.png)

>[!NOTE]
> For each configured integration, mark at least one configuration as **Default**.

-  **Ingestion Parameters**: The ingestion parameters are retrieved from the configuration schema within the fetch playbook located in the data ingestion playbook collection. The following parameters help adjust and save the fetch playbook configurations for use while creating the threat feeds:
    - **Confidence**: Specify the confidence score to assign to the ingested feeds.
    - **Reputation**: Select the reputation to assign to the ingested feeds.
    - **TLP**: Select the TLP to assign to the ingested feeds.
    - **Expiry**: Specify the age of the feeds in days.

- **Ingestion Schedule**
    - On the Scheduling screen, from the **Do you want to schedule the ingestion?** drop-down list, select **Yes**.

>     - Specify the `Cron` expression for the schedule. For example, if you want to pull data every 5 minutes, click **Hourly**. This means that the feeds are pulled and ingested every hour.

Reviewer 3: There is a discrepancy in the example, please check

Author: Fixed. Thanks

- Similarly, configure and specify parameters for each *installed* feed integration by clicking their respective tabs.

- Click the button **Configure Feed Rules** to set up and configure the threat feed rules.

> [!NOTE]
> The ingestion parameters and ingestion schedule become available only when the configuration health check completes.

## Configuring Feed Rules

We have introduced **Threat Feed Rules** to better leverage ingested feeds. These rules offer a structured framework for processing and analyzing threat feeds, thereby improving the overall functionality of the **Threat Intelligence Management** solution pack.

You can configure the following feed rules to manage threat intelligence feeds from various sources:

- Linking Threat Feeds to Indicators
- Ingesting Unstructured Threat Feeds

### Linking Threat Feeds to Indicators

Enable this rule and specify a feed confidence threshold to automatically update the matching indicator record reputation.

**Confidence Threshold**: Specify a feed confidence threshold to link feeds, with confidence threshold equal to or greater than the specified value, to the indicator.

> For example, if you set this value to 70, all feeds with a confidence level equal to or greater than 70 will link to the indicator.

Reviewer 3: And the reputation of the indicator( created after the existing feeds) will be updated.

Author: Note added

> ![Feed Configurations - General tab](./res/general.png)

Reviewer 3: The link is not working, please check

Author: Fixed. Thanks

### Ingesting Unstructured Threat Feeds

Enable this rule to ingest unstructured threat feeds from file sources and email communications. This rule extracts critical threat feeds from unstructured data sources and automatically ingests it into the Threat Intel Feeds module.

Once enabled, you can further fine-tune the rule by defining the following parameters:

- **Ingest Threat Feeds from Files**: Select to ingest unstructured threat feeds by uploading a file. Supported file formats are `csv`, `txt`, `pdf`, `eml`, `json`, and `xlsx`. Refer to the section [Importing Feeds from Files](./usage.md#importing-feeds-from-files) under *Usage* for more information.
 
- **Ingest Threat Feeds from Email Attachments**: Select to ingest unstructured threat feeds from email attachments.
    - **Email Server**: Select an email server from which to ingest emails. Currently, only *Exchange* is supported.
    - **Email Folder** : Specify the mailbox folder that contains all emails with feed attachments.

> [!NOTE]

> >- Attachments of only unread emails are ingested, hence we recommend that you create a separate folder for emails with feed attachments with mailbox rules in place to redirect all such emails to this folder.

Reviewer 3: We can provide an example for folder name like Unstructured Threat Feeds.

Author: I doubt people create folders by that name :-)

 
- **Ingestion Parameters**
    - **Confidence**: Specify the confidence score to assign to the ingested unstructured threat feeds.
    - **Reputation**: Select the reputation to assign to the ingested unstructured threat feeds.
    - **TLP**: Select the TLP to assign to the ingested unstructured threat feeds.
    - **Maximum Age (in days)**: Specify the age of the ingested unstructured threat feeds, in days.
    - **Source**: Specify a value to be updated as *Source* for all ingested unstructured threat feeds.
    - **Tags**: Specify comma-separated values to be assigned as tags to the ingested unstructured threat feeds.

- **Email Ingestion Schedule**: Specify the frequency at which unstructured threat feeds are ingested from emails. This schedule will then automatically run at the specified frequency to ingest unstructured threat feeds. For example, if you want to ingest emails every 5 minutes, click **Every X Minute**, and in the **minute** box enter `*/5`. This means that emails are ingested every 5 minutes.
    - **Timezone**: Select a timezone in which to export the report. Default is *`UTC`*.

> - **Block Threat Feeds Automatically**: Select this option to block threat feeds immediately on ingestion. Leave unchecked to manually block threat feeds.

Reviewer 3: Remove "Leave unchecked to manually block threat feeds."

Author: Removed. But why?

Reviewer 3: Previously, we were providing a manual block PB, but we've now removed it from the collection. Donot want user have an impression we are providing manual PB as well.
